# cognify

## Tech stack

- __Frontend:__ Blazor
- __Backend:__ ASP.NET
- __Database:__ [TBD]

## Features

### __1. Brain Games__
- __Word Recall:__ Enchances verbal memory by showing the end-user a single word and they have to recall whether they have seen the word before or not.
- __Square Board Recall:__ The end-user gets shown a board with a variety of cards. All cards get flipped and the user has to recall which card images/icons match.
- __Type Racer:__ Enchances the end-users speed typing by randomly picking a sentence, which the user has to type out. In the end, displays statistics, such as words   per minute.

### __2. User Accounts__
- User registration and login.
- Progress tracking and statistics dashboard.

### __3. Gamification and Rewards__
- __Points:__ By playing the games users earn points and can get high-scores.
- __Badges:__ Reaching specific progression thresholds earn you a badge, which will be displayed on the end-users profile.

## Updates:
Please update this section of the README with each pull request. It will be easier to present our changes during lab lectures.

### 09/11 - 09/18
- Discussed the tech stack again and decided on using Blazor instead of ReactJS for the front-end
- Implemented Razor for front-end
- Decided on tasks for eachother. Each person creates 1 game from the [Brain Games](#1-brain-games) as follows:
    - __Dovydas__ - word recall
    - __Titas__ - type racer
    - __Lukas__ - square board recall
- Added game select menu on homepage
- Added basic functionality for word recall game

### 09/18 - 09/25
- Move components generated by template to `examples` directory
- Add styling to word recall game
- Add `How To Play` dialog, invoked by button, to word recall
- Added type-racer basic functionality with some simple features

### 09/25 - 10/02
- Added TypeRacerController.cs and also started getting the text for targetText from the internet
- Tried adding the functionality to check automatically whether the user's input is the same as the target in TypeRacer
- Implemented basic functionality for Square Board Recall game.
- Added logic to track score and maintain health between rounds in Square Board Recall.
- Implemented shuffling and resetting of cards after all pairs are matched, without resetting the health.
- Ensured game flow continues smoothly between rounds while preserving the player's current score and health.

### 10/02 - 10/10
- Added extension method that works with the Square Board Recall game.
- Using Card as a record in the SquareBoardRecall.controller
- Adding additional functionalities to the logic of Square Board Recall game to make work smoothly.
- Modifying .razor files and adding razor.cs files to seperate @code block for each game to improve readability.
- Created a GameStatistics class and a GameState enum for Word Recall
- Moved most of the game logic to the backend for Word Recall
- TypeRacer now fetches the target text from a text file, also fixed the mistake when the user input was correct the game would not finish.
- Added IEnumerable .NET interface
